you to this ztx fate in comas I'm here
to bring you the motion flex be 2.1
hot-swap so here we go
first I have my world it would miss my
tool to Tom my xbox and the motion flex
be two point one disk I'm gonna go ahead
and take off this magnet right here to
set off the side and we're gonna go
ahead and Tom my xbox know a guy show
that get that out of the way alright now
that that's done up nothing in there
obviously black now in my other videos
I'm going to show you how to take apart
your xbox properly to do the hot swap so
there's nothing there so I'm gonna go
ahead and open the tray take this make
sure I have this in my hand so you can
put it on right after and it should be
straight once it does that it's gonna
say the game and then I'm gonna go ahead
and tell my controller right here and it
says game details X so I'm gonna have
pressed that now
let's say play now and install you got
hover over this tool and then just put
your controller down you don't need it
right now
and now it's time for the hot swap so
let me go ahead and get this fixed
organize everything
all right at that point you should be
able to see it so here we go gotta have
the disk enable like within beach so
when I put my thumb stop it bring it out
but today and now that the Dajjal up
then I'll be able to get the game so
just got hover over install and here we
go have that and reach and if it starts
instantly like that you're good I gonna
take the camera back here and look the
menu still there I not I gotta install
now that I have the ISO disk spinning
and ready to be installed gun press a
and you might need to remove some space
if needed but I bought that so I'm good
about six point five gigabytes with the
space six gigabyte something like that
and now it's installing so you have any
questions just let me know about Xbox
about modding anything where you get the
disk how you make it anything just let
me know
gamer times will be posted below in the
description and then yeah that's how you
hot-swap the Knights of this bunch of
flex be two point one